hi this is galaxy guru and I'm going to
be showing you guys how what the main
point of this game is so I'm going to
get to this every but i'm not sure what
it's called actually yeah and then the
news tab comes up also with the high
scores of the top players so you can
look at the news or top players and then
if you just want to skip it just click
done it always comes up whenever you log
in so we're going to explore the town a
bit you click on these little triangle
things to teleport to other areas of the
town and there's mini games like these
things area and there's more in here
sign right there that says get ups and
workshop workshop is where you can buy
paint for like colors or your hat which
I don't have yet and get up this for
your hats and style and clothing and the
garden shop is where you buy all your
seeds and sell the seeds that you make
off your plants and gear is for your
furniture of your house so and then
there's a teleporter which I could show
you take some time to get there
I think it's around here
yeah the chatting in this game is kind
of like narrowed down to certain things
so you can't swear or curse that little
kids so oh there's my sister right there
I wish I could say something really mean
but I can't and this is the teleporter
that brings you the other places so you
can pay your tentacles that's what
they're called and go anywhere around
here but I'm here so I can't go this I'm
going to go back now and just going to
go head down to my house
oh my sister was looking at a lego area
she's right beside me playing but wait I
could just call her name right now oh
sorry braids don't swear at me now loud
stop saying penis vagina hamburger Bray
stop laughing sorry um no I don't want
to accept a trade damn it just exit this
okay now I'm just going to go here so I
can get to my pod which you create at
the beginning of the game also with your
character and since I don't have
anything because I'm still a noob I will
and these are plants that you grow once
they're finished growing you'll see a
little sparkling thing on them and it's
and it means that oh you'll see a little
sparkling thing under the plants and it
means that their seeds and it's fully
grown and you gain experience and gain
up a level and where you get out of my
room or whatever and then you plant more
and then you sell those make more money
by whatever you want so and to keep just
to keep your health up in the game so
you can I level up your character and
everything else so you absorb water from
here and you shoot from here shoot the
bugs if you see any water droplets with
a right like here collected that figure
your roots and gain health
I'm just going to regain all my plants
health so might take a bit of time oops
ah I'm just going to go do flash into
the future thingy so I'm going to stop
it spy guys I'm back two of my plants
already died but I've raised all their
health so once you've raised all their
health they drop tease like here I
already picked those up I have one in
there and I don't have enough in my
inventory so um where you want to come
in here now I'm gonna go to my sister's
room so what can you give me one of
those / I'll pay you
so I'm going to go to my sister's place
great barbie girl how would I come with
you where but actually i'm not going to
go to my sister's place I'm just gonna
head out get some stuff and that's it
I'm done well actually this is game
gears and I guess what this is Wow sorry
galaxy gear okay um i'm just gonna go my
sisters from check out all the
plants and then I got sorry bro my
sister just wants to be part of this
video so um let's see where are you baby
me maybe nope OOP with B bar we go there
we go Hey ok sure Barney with Brandon
David bar burger and if you want to sign
up just go to where
if you guys want to check out this game
it'll just be on in the info oh these
are my sister's plants there's a toaster
plant right there it'll feel some
toasters bro your plants sparkling feet
okay um so yeah if you guys want to try
out this game just go to the big rip
calm that's th e bi G r.i.p calm or you
can go to YT v calm and sign up there ok
and well this is galaxy guru and I'm out
you